.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase certs etcd\-server \- Generate the certificate for serving etcd


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase certs etcd\-server\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generate the certificate for serving etcd, and save them into etcd/server.cert and etcd/server.key files.

.PP
Default SANs are localhost, 127.0.0.1, 127.0.0.1, ::1

.PP
If both files already exist, kubeadm skips the generation step and existing files will be used.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-csr\-dir\fP=""
    The path to output the CSRs and private keys to

.PP
\fB\-\-csr\-only\fP=false
    Create CSRs instead of generating certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-certs(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
