.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm reset \- Run this to revert any changes made to this host by 'kubeadm init' or 'kubeadm join'


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm reset\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Run this to revert any changes made to this host by 'kubeadm init' or 'kubeadm join'

.PP
The "reset" command executes the following phases:

.PP
.RS

.nf
preflight              Run reset pre\-flight checks
update\-cluster\-status  Remove this node from the ClusterStatus object.
remove\-etcd\-member     Remove a local etcd member.
cleanup\-node           Run cleanup node.

.fi
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path to the directory where the certificates are stored. If specified, clean this directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP=""
    Path to the CRI socket to connect. If empty kubeadm will try to auto\-detect this value; use this option only if you have more than one CRI installed or if you have non\-standard CRI socket.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Reset the node without prompting for confirmation.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-phases\fP=[]
    List of phases to be skipped


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-reset\-phase(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
