.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config print init\-defaults \- Print default init configuration, that can be used for 'kubeadm init'


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config print init\-defaults\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command prints objects such as the default init configuration that is used for 'kubeadm init'.

.PP
Note that sensitive values like the Bootstrap Token fields are replaced with placeholder values like {"abcdef.0123456789abcdef" "" "nil" <nil> [] []} in order to pass validation but
not perform the real computation for creating a token.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-component\-configs\fP=[]
    A comma\-separated list for component config API objects to print the default values for. Available values: [KubeProxyConfiguration KubeletConfiguration]. If this flag is not set, no component configs will be printed.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-config\-print(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
