.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha kubelet config download \- Download the kubelet configuration from the cluster ConfigMap kubelet\-config\-1.X, where X is the minor version of the kubelet


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha kubelet config download\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Download the kubelet configuration from a ConfigMap of the form "kubelet\-config\-1.X" in the cluster, where X is the minor version of the kubelet. Either kubeadm autodetects the kubelet version by exec\-ing "kubelet \-\-version" or respects the \-\-kubelet\-version parameter.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-version\fP=""
    The desired version for the kubelet. Defaults to being autodetected from 'kubelet \-\-version'.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Download the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster. Autodetect the kubelet version.
  kubeadm alpha phase kubelet config download
  
  # Download the kubelet configuration from the ConfigMap in the cluster. Use a specific desired kubelet version.
  kubeadm alpha phase kubelet config download \-\-kubelet\-version 1.14.0

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-kubelet\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
