.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm join phase preflight \- Run join pre\-flight checks


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm join phase preflight\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Run pre\-flight checks for kubeadm join.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    If the node should host a new control plane instance, the IP address the API Server will advertise it's listening on. If not set the default network interface will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
    If the node should host a new control plane instance, the port for the API Server to bind to.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-key\fP=""
    Use this key to decrypt the certificate secrets uploaded by init.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file.

.PP
\fB\-\-control\-plane\fP=false
    Create a new control plane instance on this node

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP=""
    Path to the CRI socket to connect. If empty kubeadm will try to auto\-detect this value; use this option only if you have more than one CRI installed or if you have non\-standard CRI socket.

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-file\fP=""
    For file\-based discovery, a file or URL from which to load cluster information.

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\fP=""
    For token\-based discovery, the token used to validate cluster information fetched from the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\-ca\-cert\-hash\fP=[]
    For token\-based discovery, validate that the root CA public key matches this hash (format: "<type>:<value>").

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\-unsafe\-skip\-ca\-verification\fP=false
    For token\-based discovery, allow joining without \-\-discovery\-token\-ca\-cert\-hash pinning.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Specify the node name.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-bootstrap\-token\fP=""
    Specify the token used to temporarily authenticate with the Kubernetes Control Plane while joining the node.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Use this token for both discovery\-token and tls\-bootstrap\-token when those values are not provided.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Run join pre\-flight checks using a config file.
  kubeadm join phase preflight \-\-config kubeadm\-config.yml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-join\-phase(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
