.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-scheduler \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-scheduler\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes scheduler is a policy\-rich, topology\-aware,
workload\-specific function that significantly impacts availability, performance,
and capacity. The scheduler needs to take into account individual and collective
resource requirements, quality of service requirements, hardware/software/policy
constraints, affinity and anti\-affinity specifications, data locality, inter\-workload
interference, deadlines, and so on. Workload\-specific requirements will be exposed
through the API as necessary.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP="0.0.0.0"
    DEPRECATED: the IP address on which to listen for the \-\-port port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces). See \-\-bind\-address instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-algorithm\-provider\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: the scheduling algorithm provider to use, one of: ClusterAutoscalerProvider | DefaultProvider

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    kubeconfig file pointing at the 'core' kubernetes server with enough rights to create tokenaccessreviews.authentication.k8s.io. This is optional. If empty, all token requests are considered to be anonymous and no client CA is looked up in the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-skip\-lookup\fP=false
    If false, the authentication\-kubeconfig will be used to lookup missing authentication configuration from the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-cache\-ttl\fP=10s
    The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-tolerate\-lookup\-failure\fP=true
    If true, failures to look up missing authentication configuration from the cluster are not considered fatal. Note that this can result in authentication that treats all requests as anonymous.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-always\-allow\-paths\fP=[/healthz]
    A list of HTTP paths to skip during authorization, i.e. these are authorized without contacting the 'core' kubernetes server.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    kubeconfig file pointing at the 'core' kubernetes server with enough rights to create subjectaccessreviews.authorization.k8s.io. This is optional. If empty, all requests not skipped by authorization are forbidden.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-authorized\-ttl\fP=10s
    The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-unauthorized\-ttl\fP=10s
    The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address on which to listen for the \-\-secure\-port port. The associated interface(s) must be reachable by the rest of the cluster, and by CLI/web clients. If blank, all interfaces will be used (0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP=""
    The directory where the TLS certs are located. If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client\-ca\-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    The path to the configuration file. Flags override values in this file.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AttachVolumeLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BalanceAttachedNodeVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
BlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BoundServiceAccountTokenVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CRIContainerLogRotation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIBlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIDriverRegistry=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIInlineVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigration=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAWS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureDisk=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureFile=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationGCE=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationOpenStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSINodeInfo=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceDefaulting=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourcePublishOpenAPI=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceSubresources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceWebhookConversion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DryRun=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicAuditing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EvenPodsSpread=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandCSIVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandInUsePersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HyperVContainer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
NodeLease=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
NonPreemptingPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodOverhead=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodShareProcessNamespace=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RequestManagement=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceQuotaScopeSelectors=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RunAsGroup=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RuntimeClass=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SCTPSupport=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ScheduleDaemonSetPods=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ServerSideApply=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceLoadBalancerFinalizer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportNodePidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportPodPidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
Sysctls=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TTLAfterFinished=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequest=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequestProjection=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TopologyManager=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ValidateProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
VolumePVCDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSnapshotDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSubpathEnvExpansion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WatchBookmark=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsGMSA=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsRunAsUserName=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-hard\-pod\-affinity\-symmetric\-weight\fP=1
    RequiredDuringScheduling affinity is not symmetric, but there is an implicit PreferredDuringScheduling affinity rule corresponding to every RequiredDuringScheduling affinity rule. \-\-hard\-pod\-affinity\-symmetric\-weight represents the weight of implicit PreferredDuringScheduling affinity rule. Must be in the range 0\-100.

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP=false
    help for kube\-scheduler

.PP
\fB\-\-http2\-max\-streams\-per\-connection\fP=0
    The limit that the server gives to clients for the maximum number of streams in an HTTP/2 connection. Zero means to use golang's default.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=100
    DEPRECATED: burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    DEPRECATED: content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=50
    DEPRECATED: QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=true
    Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=15s
    The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=10s
    The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-lock\fP="endpoints"
    The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are \fB\fCendpoints\fR (default) and \fB\fCconfigmaps\fR\&.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=2s
    The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-name\fP="kube\-scheduler"
    DEPRECATED: define the name of the lock object.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
    DEPRECATED: define the namespace of the lock object.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\-max\-size\fP=1800
    Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to. Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-config\-file\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: file with scheduler policy configuration. This file is used if policy ConfigMap is not provided or \-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config=true

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-configmap\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: name of the ConfigMap object that contains scheduler's policy configuration. It must exist in the system namespace before scheduler initialization if \-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config=false. The config must be provided as the value of an element in 'Data' map with the key='policy.cfg'

.PP
\fB\-\-policy\-configmap\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
    DEPRECATED: the namespace where policy ConfigMap is located. The kube\-system namespace will be used if this is not provided or is empty.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10251
    DEPRECATED: the port on which to serve HTTP insecurely without authentication and authorization. If 0, don't serve plain HTTP at all. See \-\-secure\-port instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-allowed\-names\fP=[]
    List of client certificate common names to allow to provide usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. If empty, any client certificate validated by the authorities in \-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file is allowed.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests before trusting usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. WARNING: generally do not depend on authorization being already done for incoming requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-extra\-headers\-prefix\fP=[x\-remote\-extra\-]
    List of request header prefixes to inspect. X\-Remote\-Extra\- is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-group\-headers\fP=[x\-remote\-group]
    List of request headers to inspect for groups. X\-Remote\-Group is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-username\-headers\fP=[x\-remote\-user]
    List of request headers to inspect for usernames. X\-Remote\-User is common.

.PP
\fB\-\-scheduler\-name\fP="default\-scheduler"
    DEPRECATED: name of the scheduler, used to select which pods will be processed by this scheduler, based on pod's "spec.schedulerName".

.PP
\fB\-\-secure\-port\fP=10259
    The port on which to serve HTTPS with authentication and authorization.If 0, don't serve HTTPS at all.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-log\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid headers when opening log files

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 Certificate for HTTPS. (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If HTTPS serving is enabled, and \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory specified by \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cipher\-suites\fP=[]
    Comma\-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be use.  Possible values: TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-min\-version\fP=""
    Minimum TLS version supported. Possible values: VersionTLS10, VersionTLS11, VersionTLS12, VersionTLS13

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key\fP=[]
    A pair of x509 certificate and private key file paths, optionally suffixed with a list of domain patterns which are fully qualified domain names, possibly with prefixed wildcard segments. If no domain patterns are provided, the names of the certificate are extracted. Non\-wildcard matches trump over wildcard matches, explicit domain patterns trump over extracted names. For multiple key/certificate pairs, use the \-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key multiple times. Examples: "example.crt,example.key" or "foo.crt,foo.key:*.foo.com,foo.com".

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-legacy\-policy\-config\fP=false
    DEPRECATED: when set to true, scheduler will ignore policy ConfigMap and uses policy config file

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\-to\fP=""
    If set, write the configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
