.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha kubelet config enable\-dynamic \- EXPERIMENTAL: Enable or update dynamic kubelet configuration for a Node


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha kubelet config enable\-dynamic\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Enable or update dynamic kubelet configuration for a Node, against the kubelet\-config\-1.X ConfigMap in the cluster, where X is the minor version of the desired kubelet version.

.PP
WARNING: This feature is still experimental, and disabled by default. Enable only if you know what you are doing, as it may have surprising side\-effects at this stage.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-version\fP=""
    The desired version for the kubelet

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Name of the node that should enable the dynamic kubelet configuration


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Enable dynamic kubelet configuration for a Node.
  kubeadm alpha phase kubelet enable\-dynamic\-config \-\-node\-name node\-1 \-\-kubelet\-version 1.14.0
  
  WARNING: This feature is still experimental, and disabled by default. Enable only if you know what you are doing, as it
  may have surprising side\-effects at this stage.

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-kubelet\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
