.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase addon coredns \- Install the CoreDNS addon to a Kubernetes cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase addon coredns\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Install the CoreDNS addon components via the API server. Please note that although the DNS server is deployed, it will not be scheduled until CNI is installed.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
    Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    Use alternative range of IP address for service VIPs.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Use alternative domain for services, e.g. "myorg.internal".


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-addon(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
