.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade node config \- Download the kubelet configuration from the cluster ConfigMap kubelet\-config\-1.X, where X is the minor version of the kubelet


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade node config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Download the kubelet configuration from the cluster ConfigMap kubelet\-config\-1.X, where X is the minor version of the kubelet


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-renewal\fP=false
    Perform the renewal of certificates used by component changed during upgrades.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Do not change any state, just output the actions that would be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-upgrade\fP=false
    Perform the upgrade of etcd.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-version\fP=""
    The \fIdesired\fP version for the kubelet config after the upgrade. If not specified, the KubernetesVersion from the kubeadm\-config ConfigMap will be used


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade\-node(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
