.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-apiserver \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-apiserver\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes API server validates and configures data
for the api objects which include pods, services, replicationcontrollers, and
others. The API Server services REST operations and provides the frontend to the
cluster's shared state through which all other components interact.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address on which to serve the insecure \-\-port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-admission\-control\fP=[]
    Admission is divided into two phases. In the first phase, only mutating admission plugins run. In the second phase, only validating admission plugins run. The names in the below list may represent a validating plugin, a mutating plugin, or both. The order of plugins in which they are passed to this flag does not matter. Comma\-delimited list of: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, AlwaysPullImages, DefaultStorageClass, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DenyEscalatingExec, DenyExecOnPrivileged, EventRateLimit, ExtendedResourceToleration, ImagePolicyWebhook, LimitPodHardAntiAffinityTopology, LimitRanger, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle, NodeRestriction, OwnerReferencesPermissionEnforcement, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, PersistentVolumeLabel, PodNodeSelector, PodPreset, PodSecurityPolicy, PodTolerationRestriction, Priority, ResourceQuota, RuntimeClass, SecurityContextDeny, ServiceAccount, StorageObjectInUseProtection, TaintNodesByCondition, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook.

.PP
\fB\-\-admission\-control\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with admission control configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-advertise\-address\fP=<nil>
    The IP address on which to advertise the apiserver to members of the cluster. This address must be reachable by the rest of the cluster. If blank, the \-\-bind\-address will be used. If \-\-bind\-address is unspecified, the host's default interface will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-privileged\fP=false
    If true, allow privileged containers. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-anonymous\-auth\fP=true
    Enables anonymous requests to the secure port of the API server. Requests that are not rejected by another authentication method are treated as anonymous requests. Anonymous requests have a username of system:anonymous, and a group name of system:unauthenticated.

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-audiences\fP=[]
    Identifiers of the API. The service account token authenticator will validate that tokens used against the API are bound to at least one of these audiences. If the \-\-service\-account\-issuer flag is configured and this flag is not, this field defaults to a single element list containing the issuer URL .

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-count\fP=1
    The number of apiservers running in the cluster, must be a positive number. (In use when \-\-endpoint\-reconciler\-type=master\-count is enabled.)

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-dynamic\-configuration\fP=false
    Enables dynamic audit configuration. This feature also requires the DynamicAuditing feature flag

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-buffer\-size\fP=10000
    The size of the buffer to store events before batching and writing. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-max\-size\fP=1
    The maximum size of a batch. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-max\-wait\fP=0s
    The amount of time to wait before force writing the batch that hadn't reached the max size. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-throttle\-burst\fP=0
    Maximum number of requests sent at the same moment if ThrottleQPS was not utilized before. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-throttle\-enable\fP=false
    Whether batching throttling is enabled. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-batch\-throttle\-qps\fP=0
    Maximum average number of batches per second. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-format\fP="json"
    Format of saved audits. "legacy" indicates 1\-line text format for each event. "json" indicates structured json format. Known formats are legacy,json.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxage\fP=0
    The maximum number of days to retain old audit log files based on the timestamp encoded in their filename.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxbackup\fP=0
    The maximum number of old audit log files to retain.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxsize\fP=0
    The maximum size in megabytes of the audit log file before it gets rotated.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-mode\fP="blocking"
    Strategy for sending audit events. Blocking indicates sending events should block server responses. Batch causes the backend to buffer and write events asynchronously. Known modes are batch,blocking,blocking\-strict.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-path\fP=""
    If set, all requests coming to the apiserver will be logged to this file.  '\-' means standard out.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-truncate\-enabled\fP=false
    Whether event and batch truncating is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-truncate\-max\-batch\-size\fP=10485760
    Maximum size of the batch sent to the underlying backend. Actual serialized size can be several hundreds of bytes greater. If a batch exceeds this limit, it is split into several batches of smaller size.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-truncate\-max\-event\-size\fP=102400
    Maximum size of the audit event sent to the underlying backend. If the size of an event is greater than this number, first request and response are removed, and if this doesn't reduce the size enough, event is discarded.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-version\fP="audit.k8s.io/v1"
    API group and version used for serializing audit events written to log.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-policy\-file\fP=""
    Path to the file that defines the audit policy configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-buffer\-size\fP=10000
    The size of the buffer to store events before batching and writing. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-initial\-backoff\fP=10s
    The amount of time to wait before retrying the first failed request.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-max\-size\fP=400
    The maximum size of a batch. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-max\-wait\fP=30s
    The amount of time to wait before force writing the batch that hadn't reached the max size. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-throttle\-burst\fP=15
    Maximum number of requests sent at the same moment if ThrottleQPS was not utilized before. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-throttle\-enable\fP=true
    Whether batching throttling is enabled. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-batch\-throttle\-qps\fP=10
    Maximum average number of batches per second. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-config\-file\fP=""
    Path to a kubeconfig formatted file that defines the audit webhook configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-initial\-backoff\fP=10s
    The amount of time to wait before retrying the first failed request.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-mode\fP="batch"
    Strategy for sending audit events. Blocking indicates sending events should block server responses. Batch causes the backend to buffer and write events asynchronously. Known modes are batch,blocking,blocking\-strict.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-truncate\-enabled\fP=false
    Whether event and batch truncating is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-truncate\-max\-batch\-size\fP=10485760
    Maximum size of the batch sent to the underlying backend. Actual serialized size can be several hundreds of bytes greater. If a batch exceeds this limit, it is split into several batches of smaller size.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-truncate\-max\-event\-size\fP=102400
    Maximum size of the audit event sent to the underlying backend. If the size of an event is greater than this number, first request and response are removed, and if this doesn't reduce the size enough, event is discarded.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-webhook\-version\fP="audit.k8s.io/v1"
    API group and version used for serializing audit events written to webhook.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-cache\-ttl\fP=2m0s
    The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with webhook configuration for token authentication in kubeconfig format. The API server will query the remote service to determine authentication for bearer tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-mode\fP=[AlwaysAllow]
    Ordered list of plug\-ins to do authorization on secure port. Comma\-delimited list of: AlwaysAllow,AlwaysDeny,ABAC,Webhook,RBAC,Node.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-policy\-file\fP=""
    File with authorization policy in json line by line format, used with \-\-authorization\-mode=ABAC, on the secure port.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-authorized\-ttl\fP=5m0s
    The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-unauthorized\-ttl\fP=30s
    The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with webhook configuration in kubeconfig format, used with \-\-authorization\-mode=Webhook. The API server will query the remote service to determine access on the API server's secure port.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-basic\-auth\-file\fP=""
    If set, the file that will be used to admit requests to the secure port of the API server via http basic authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address on which to listen for the \-\-secure\-port port. The associated interface(s) must be reachable by the rest of the cluster, and by CLI/web clients. If blank, all interfaces will be used (0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/var/run/kubernetes"
    The directory where the TLS certs are located. If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client\-ca\-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file. Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services. Empty string for no provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22,35.191.0.0/16
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    Enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled

.PP
\fB\-\-cors\-allowed\-origins\fP=[]
    List of allowed origins for CORS, comma separated.  An allowed origin can be a regular expression to support subdomain matching. If this list is empty CORS will not be enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-watch\-cache\-size\fP=100
    Default watch cache size. If zero, watch cache will be disabled for resources that do not have a default watch size set.

.PP
\fB\-\-delete\-collection\-workers\fP=1
    Number of workers spawned for DeleteCollection call. These are used to speed up namespace cleanup.

.PP
\fB\-\-deserialization\-cache\-size\fP=0
    Number of deserialized json objects to cache in memory.

.PP
\fB\-\-disable\-admission\-plugins\fP=[]
    admission plugins that should be disabled although they are in the default enabled plugins list (NamespaceLifecycle, LimitRanger, ServiceAccount, TaintNodesByCondition, Priority, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DefaultStorageClass, StorageObjectInUseProtection, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook, ResourceQuota). Comma\-delimited list of admission plugins: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, AlwaysPullImages, DefaultStorageClass, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DenyEscalatingExec, DenyExecOnPrivileged, EventRateLimit, ExtendedResourceToleration, ImagePolicyWebhook, LimitPodHardAntiAffinityTopology, LimitRanger, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle, NodeRestriction, OwnerReferencesPermissionEnforcement, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, PersistentVolumeLabel, PodNodeSelector, PodPreset, PodSecurityPolicy, PodTolerationRestriction, Priority, ResourceQuota, RuntimeClass, SecurityContextDeny, ServiceAccount, StorageObjectInUseProtection, TaintNodesByCondition, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook. The order of plugins in this flag does not matter.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-admission\-plugins\fP=[]
    admission plugins that should be enabled in addition to default enabled ones (NamespaceLifecycle, LimitRanger, ServiceAccount, TaintNodesByCondition, Priority, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DefaultStorageClass, StorageObjectInUseProtection, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook, ResourceQuota). Comma\-delimited list of admission plugins: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, AlwaysPullImages, DefaultStorageClass, DefaultTolerationSeconds, DenyEscalatingExec, DenyExecOnPrivileged, EventRateLimit, ExtendedResourceToleration, ImagePolicyWebhook, LimitPodHardAntiAffinityTopology, LimitRanger, MutatingAdmissionWebhook, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle, NodeRestriction, OwnerReferencesPermissionEnforcement, PersistentVolumeClaimResize, PersistentVolumeLabel, PodNodeSelector, PodPreset, PodSecurityPolicy, PodTolerationRestriction, Priority, ResourceQuota, RuntimeClass, SecurityContextDeny, ServiceAccount, StorageObjectInUseProtection, TaintNodesByCondition, ValidatingAdmissionWebhook. The order of plugins in this flag does not matter.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-aggregator\-routing\fP=false
    Turns on aggregator routing requests to endpoints IP rather than cluster IP.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-bootstrap\-token\-auth\fP=false
    Enable to allow secrets of type 'bootstrap.kubernetes.io/token' in the 'kube\-system' namespace to be used for TLS bootstrapping authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-garbage\-collector\fP=true
    Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube\-controller\-manager.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-inflight\-quota\-handler\fP=false
    If true, replace the max\-in\-flight handler with an enhanced one that queues and dispatches with priority and fairness

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-logs\-handler\fP=true
    If true, install a /logs handler for the apiserver logs.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-swagger\-ui\fP=false
    Enables swagger ui on the apiserver at /swagger\-ui

.PP
\fB\-\-encryption\-provider\-config\fP=""
    The file containing configuration for encryption providers to be used for storing secrets in etcd

.PP
\fB\-\-endpoint\-reconciler\-type\fP="lease"
    Use an endpoint reconciler (master\-count, lease, none)

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-cafile\fP=""
    SSL Certificate Authority file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-certfile\fP=""
    SSL certification file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-compaction\-interval\fP=5m0s
    The interval of compaction requests. If 0, the compaction request from apiserver is disabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-count\-metric\-poll\-period\fP=1m0s
    Frequency of polling etcd for number of resources per type. 0 disables the metric collection.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-keyfile\fP=""
    SSL key file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-prefix\fP="/registry"
    The prefix to prepend to all resource paths in etcd.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-servers\fP=[]
    List of etcd servers to connect with (scheme://ip:port), comma separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-servers\-overrides\fP=[]
    Per\-resource etcd servers overrides, comma separated. The individual override format: group/resource#servers, where servers are URLs, semicolon separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-ttl\fP=1h0m0s
    Amount of time to retain events.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-encryption\-provider\-config\fP=""
    The file containing configuration for encryption providers to be used for storing secrets in etcd

.PP
\fB\-\-external\-hostname\fP=""
    The hostname to use when generating externalized URLs for this master (e.g. Swagger API Docs).

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AttachVolumeLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BalanceAttachedNodeVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
BlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BoundServiceAccountTokenVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CRIContainerLogRotation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIBlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIDriverRegistry=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIInlineVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigration=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAWS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureDisk=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureFile=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationGCE=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationOpenStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSINodeInfo=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceDefaulting=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourcePublishOpenAPI=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceSubresources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceWebhookConversion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DryRun=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicAuditing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EvenPodsSpread=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandCSIVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandInUsePersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HyperVContainer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
NodeLease=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
NonPreemptingPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodOverhead=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodShareProcessNamespace=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RequestManagement=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceQuotaScopeSelectors=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RunAsGroup=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RuntimeClass=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SCTPSupport=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ScheduleDaemonSetPods=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ServerSideApply=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceLoadBalancerFinalizer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportNodePidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportPodPidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
Sysctls=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TTLAfterFinished=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequest=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequestProjection=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TopologyManager=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ValidateProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
VolumePVCDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSnapshotDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSubpathEnvExpansion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WatchBookmark=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsGMSA=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsRunAsUserName=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP=false
    help for kube\-apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-http2\-max\-streams\-per\-connection\fP=0
    The limit that the server gives to clients for the maximum number of streams in an HTTP/2 connection. Zero means to use golang's default.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address on which to serve the \-\-insecure\-port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-port\fP=8080
    The port on which to serve unsecured, unauthenticated access.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client cert file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-https\fP=true
    Use https for kubelet connections.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-port\fP=10250
    DEPRECATED: kubelet port.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-preferred\-address\-types\fP=[Hostname,InternalDNS,InternalIP,ExternalDNS,ExternalIP]
    List of the preferred NodeAddressTypes to use for kubelet connections.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-read\-only\-port\fP=10255
    DEPRECATED: kubelet read only port.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-timeout\fP=5s
    Timeout for kubelet operations.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-service\-node\-port\fP=0
    If non\-zero, the Kubernetes master service (which apiserver creates/maintains) will be of type NodePort, using this as the value of the port. If zero, the Kubernetes master service will be of type ClusterIP.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-file\-max\-size\fP=1800
    Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to. Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-service\-namespace\fP="default"
    DEPRECATED: the namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-connection\-bytes\-per\-sec\fP=0
    If non\-zero, throttle each user connection to this number of bytes/sec. Currently only applies to long\-running requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-mutating\-requests\-inflight\fP=200
    The maximum number of mutating requests in flight at a given time. When the server exceeds this, it rejects requests. Zero for no limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-requests\-inflight\fP=400
    The maximum number of non\-mutating requests in flight at a given time. When the server exceeds this, it rejects requests. Zero for no limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-startup\-sequence\-duration\fP=0s
    This option represents the maximum amount of time it should take for apiserver to complete its startup sequence and become healthy. From apiserver's start time to when this amount of time has elapsed, /healthz will assume that unfinished post\-start hooks will complete successfully and therefore return true.

.PP
\fB\-\-min\-request\-timeout\fP=1800
    An optional field indicating the minimum number of seconds a handler must keep a request open before timing it out. Currently only honored by the watch request handler, which picks a randomized value above this number as the connection timeout, to spread out load.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, the OpenID server's certificate will be verified by one of the authorities in the oidc\-ca\-file, otherwise the host's root CA set will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-client\-id\fP=""
    The client ID for the OpenID Connect client, must be set if oidc\-issuer\-url is set.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-groups\-claim\fP=""
    If provided, the name of a custom OpenID Connect claim for specifying user groups. The claim value is expected to be a string or array of strings. This flag is experimental, please see the authentication documentation for further details.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-groups\-prefix\fP=""
    If provided, all groups will be prefixed with this value to prevent conflicts with other authentication strategies.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-issuer\-url\fP=""
    The URL of the OpenID issuer, only HTTPS scheme will be accepted. If set, it will be used to verify the OIDC JSON Web Token (JWT).

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-required\-claim\fP=
    A key=value pair that describes a required claim in the ID Token. If set, the claim is verified to be present in the ID Token with a matching value. Repeat this flag to specify multiple claims.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-signing\-algs\fP=[RS256]
    Comma\-separated list of allowed JOSE asymmetric signing algorithms. JWTs with a 'alg' header value not in this list will be rejected. Values are defined by RFC 7518 
\[la]https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7518#section-3.1\[ra]\&.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-username\-claim\fP="sub"
    The OpenID claim to use as the user name. Note that claims other than the default ('sub') is not guaranteed to be unique and immutable. This flag is experimental, please see the authentication documentation for further details.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-username\-prefix\fP=""
    If provided, all usernames will be prefixed with this value. If not provided, username claims other than 'email' are prefixed by the issuer URL to avoid clashes. To skip any prefixing, provide the value '\-'.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=8080
    The port on which to serve unsecured, unauthenticated access. Set to 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
    Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-client\-cert\-file\fP=""
    Client certificate used to prove the identity of the aggregator or kube\-apiserver when it must call out during a request. This includes proxying requests to a user api\-server and calling out to webhook admission plugins. It is expected that this cert includes a signature from the CA in the \-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file flag. That CA is published in the 'extension\-apiserver\-authentication' configmap in the kube\-system namespace. Components receiving calls from kube\-aggregator should use that CA to perform their half of the mutual TLS verification.

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-client\-key\-file\fP=""
    Private key for the client certificate used to prove the identity of the aggregator or kube\-apiserver when it must call out during a request. This includes proxying requests to a user api\-server and calling out to webhook admission plugins.

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP=1m0s
    An optional field indicating the duration a handler must keep a request open before timing it out. This is the default request timeout for requests but may be overridden by flags such as \-\-min\-request\-timeout for specific types of requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-allowed\-names\fP=[]
    List of client certificate common names to allow to provide usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. If empty, any client certificate validated by the authorities in \-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file is allowed.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests before trusting usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. WARNING: generally do not depend on authorization being already done for incoming requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-extra\-headers\-prefix\fP=[]
    List of request header prefixes to inspect. X\-Remote\-Extra\- is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-group\-headers\fP=[]
    List of request headers to inspect for groups. X\-Remote\-Group is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-username\-headers\fP=[]
    List of request headers to inspect for usernames. X\-Remote\-User is common.

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-config\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe runtime configuration that may be passed to apiserver. <group>/<version> (or <version> for the core group) key can be used to turn on/off specific api versions. api/all is special key to control all api versions, be careful setting it false, unless you know what you do. api/legacy is deprecated, we will remove it in the future, so stop using it.

.PP
\fB\-\-secure\-port\fP=6443
    The port on which to serve HTTPS with authentication and authorization.It cannot be switched off with 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-api\-audiences\fP=[]
    Identifiers of the API. The service account token authenticator will validate that tokens used against the API are bound to at least one of these audiences.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-issuer\fP=""
    Identifier of the service account token issuer. The issuer will assert this identifier in "iss" claim of issued tokens. This value is a string or URI.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-key\-file\fP=[]
    File containing PEM\-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys, used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. The specified file can contain multiple keys, and the flag can be specified multiple times with different files. If unspecified, \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file is used. Must be specified when \-\-service\-account\-signing\-key is provided

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-lookup\fP=true
    If true, validate ServiceAccount tokens exist in etcd as part of authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-max\-token\-expiration\fP=0s
    The maximum validity duration of a token created by the service account token issuer. If an otherwise valid TokenRequest with a validity duration larger than this value is requested, a token will be issued with a validity duration of this value.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-signing\-key\-file\fP=""
    Path to the file that contains the current private key of the service account token issuer. The issuer will sign issued ID tokens with this private key. (Requires the 'TokenRequest' feature gate.)

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cluster\-ip\-range\fP=10.0.0.0/24
    A CIDR notation IP range from which to assign service cluster IPs. This must not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes for pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-node\-port\-range\fP=30000\-32767
    A port range to reserve for services with NodePort visibility. Example: '30000\-32767'. Inclusive at both ends of the range.

.PP
\fB\-\-shutdown\-delay\-duration\fP=0s
    Time to delay the termination. During that time the server keeps serving requests normally and /healthz returns success, but /readzy immediately returns failure. Graceful termination starts after this delay has elapsed. This can be used to allow load balancer to stop sending traffic to this server.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-log\-headers\fP=false
    If true, avoid headers when opening log files

.PP
\fB\-\-ssh\-keyfile\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use secure SSH proxy to the nodes, using this user keyfile

.PP
\fB\-\-ssh\-user\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use secure SSH proxy to the nodes, using this user name

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-backend\fP=""
    The storage backend for persistence. Options: 'etcd3' (default).

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-media\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    The media type to use to store objects in storage. Some resources or storage backends may only support a specific media type and will ignore this setting.

.PP
\fB\-\-target\-ram\-mb\fP=0
    Memory limit for apiserver in MB (used to configure sizes of caches, etc.)

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 Certificate for HTTPS. (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If HTTPS serving is enabled, and \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory specified by \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cipher\-suites\fP=[]
    Comma\-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be use.  Possible values: TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305,TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305,TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384,TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-min\-version\fP=""
    Minimum TLS version supported. Possible values: VersionTLS10, VersionTLS11, VersionTLS12, VersionTLS13

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key\fP=[]
    A pair of x509 certificate and private key file paths, optionally suffixed with a list of domain patterns which are fully qualified domain names, possibly with prefixed wildcard segments. If no domain patterns are provided, the names of the certificate are extracted. Non\-wildcard matches trump over wildcard matches, explicit domain patterns trump over extracted names. For multiple key/certificate pairs, use the \-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key multiple times. Examples: "example.crt,example.key" or "foo.crt,foo.key:*.foo.com,foo.com".

.PP
\fB\-\-token\-auth\-file\fP=""
    If set, the file that will be used to secure the secure port of the API server via token authentication.

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-cache\fP=true
    Enable watch caching in the apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-cache\-sizes\fP=[]
    Watch cache size settings for some resources (pods, nodes, etc.), comma separated. The individual setting format: resource[.group]#size, where resource is lowercase plural (no version), group is omitted for resources of apiVersion v1 (the legacy core API) and included for others, and size is a number. It takes effect when watch\-cache is enabled. Some resources (replicationcontrollers, endpoints, nodes, pods, services, apiservices.apiregistration.k8s.io) have system defaults set by heuristics, others default to default\-watch\-cache\-size


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
