.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase control\-plane controller\-manager \- Generates the kube\-controller\-manager static Pod manifest


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase control\-plane controller\-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generates the kube\-controller\-manager static Pod manifest


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-manager\-extra\-args\fP=
    A set of extra flags to pass to the Controller Manager or override default ones in form of <flagname>=<value>

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
    Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-network\-cidr\fP=""
    Specify range of IP addresses for the pod network. If set, the control plane will automatically allocate CIDRs for every node.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-control\-plane(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
