.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha selfhosting pivot \- Convert a static Pod\-hosted control plane into a self\-hosted one


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha selfhosting pivot\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Convert static Pod files for control plane components into self\-hosted DaemonSets configured via the Kubernetes API.

.PP
See the documentation for self\-hosting limitations.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where certificates are stored

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Pivot the cluster without prompting for confirmation

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-store\-certs\-in\-secrets\fP=false
    Enable storing certs in secrets


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Convert a static Pod\-hosted control plane into a self\-hosted one.
  
  kubeadm alpha phase self\-hosting convert\-from\-staticpods

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-selfhosting(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
