.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade diff \- Show what differences would be applied to existing static pod manifests. See also: kubeadm upgrade apply \-\-dry\-run


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade diff\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show what differences would be applied to existing static pod manifests. See also: kubeadm upgrade apply \-\-dry\-run


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-server\-manifest\fP="/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube\-apiserver.yaml"
    path to API server manifest

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-context\-lines\fP=3
    How many lines of context in the diff

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-manager\-manifest\fP="/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube\-controller\-manager.yaml"
    path to controller manifest

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-scheduler\-manifest\fP="/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube\-scheduler.yaml"
    path to scheduler manifest


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
