.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config migrate \- Read an older version of the kubeadm configuration API types from a file, and output the similar config object for the newer version


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config migrate\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command lets you convert configuration objects of older versions to the latest supported version,
locally in the CLI tool without ever touching anything in the cluster.
In this version of kubeadm, the following API versions are supported:
\- kubeadm.k8s.io/v1beta2

.PP
Further, kubeadm can only write out config of version "kubeadm.k8s.io/v1beta2", but read both types.
So regardless of what version you pass to the \-\-old\-config parameter here, the API object will be
read, deserialized, defaulted, converted, validated, and re\-serialized when written to stdout or
\-\-new\-config if specified.

.PP
In other words, the output of this command is what kubeadm actually would read internally if you
submitted this file to "kubeadm init"


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-new\-config\fP=""
    Path to the resulting equivalent kubeadm config file using the new API version. Optional, if not specified output will be sent to STDOUT.

.PP
\fB\-\-old\-config\fP=""
    Path to the kubeadm config file that is using an old API version and should be converted. This flag is mandatory.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
