.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-proxy \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-proxy\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes network proxy runs on each node. This
reflects services as defined in the Kubernetes API on each node and can do simple
TCP, UDP, and SCTP stream forwarding or round robin TCP, UDP, and SCTP forwarding across a set of backends.
Service cluster IPs and ports are currently found through Docker\-links\-compatible
environment variables specifying ports opened by the service proxy. There is an optional
addon that provides cluster DNS for these cluster IPs. The user must create a service
with the apiserver API to configure the proxy.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to \fB\fC0.0.0.0\fR for all IPv4 interfaces and \fB\fC::\fR for all IPv6 interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-cleanup\fP=false
    If true cleanup iptables and ipvs rules and exit.

.PP
\fB\-\-cleanup\-ipvs\fP=true
    If true and \-\-cleanup is specified, kube\-proxy will also flush IPVS rules, in addition to normal cleanup.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    The CIDR range of pods in the cluster. When configured, traffic sent to a Service cluster IP from outside this range will be masqueraded and traffic sent from pods to an external LoadBalancer IP will be directed to the respective cluster IP instead

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    The path to the configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\-sync\-period\fP=15m0s
    How often configuration from the apiserver is refreshed.  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-max\-per\-core\fP=32768
    Maximum number of NAT connections to track per CPU core (0 to leave the limit as\-is and ignore conntrack\-min).

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-min\fP=131072
    Minimum number of conntrack entries to allocate, regardless of conntrack\-max\-per\-core (set conntrack\-max\-per\-core=0 to leave the limit as\-is).

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-tcp\-timeout\-close\-wait\fP=1h0m0s
    NAT timeout for TCP connections in the CLOSE\_WAIT state

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-tcp\-timeout\-established\fP=24h0m0s
    Idle timeout for established TCP connections (0 to leave as\-is)

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AttachVolumeLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BalanceAttachedNodeVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
BlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BoundServiceAccountTokenVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CRIContainerLogRotation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIBlockVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIDriverRegistry=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIInlineVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigration=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAWS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureDisk=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationAzureFile=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationGCE=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationOpenStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSINodeInfo=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceDefaulting=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourcePublishOpenAPI=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceSubresources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomResourceWebhookConversion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DryRun=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicAuditing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EvenPodsSpread=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandCSIVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandInUsePersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HyperVContainer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
NodeLease=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
NonPreemptingPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodOverhead=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodShareProcessNamespace=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RequestManagement=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceQuotaScopeSelectors=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RunAsGroup=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RuntimeClass=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SCTPSupport=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ScheduleDaemonSetPods=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ServerSideApply=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceLoadBalancerFinalizer=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportNodePidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportPodPidsLimit=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
Sysctls=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TTLAfterFinished=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequest=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TokenRequestProjection=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TopologyManager=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ValidateProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
VolumePVCDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSnapshotDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeSubpathEnvExpansion=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WatchBookmark=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsGMSA=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WindowsRunAsUserName=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0:10256
    The IP address for the health check server to serve on (set to \fB\fC0.0.0.0\fR for all IPv4 interfaces and \fB\fC::\fR for all IPv6 interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10256
    The port to bind the health check server. Use 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-masquerade\-bit\fP=14
    If using the pure iptables proxy, the bit of the fwmark space to mark packets requiring SNAT with.  Must be within the range [0, 31].

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-min\-sync\-period\fP=0s
    The minimum interval of how often the iptables rules can be refreshed as endpoints and services change (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-sync\-period\fP=30s
    The maximum interval of how often iptables rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-ipvs\-exclude\-cidrs\fP=[]
    A comma\-separated list of CIDR's which the ipvs proxier should not touch when cleaning up IPVS rules.

.PP
\fB\-\-ipvs\-min\-sync\-period\fP=0s
    The minimum interval of how often the ipvs rules can be refreshed as endpoints and services change (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').

.PP
\fB\-\-ipvs\-scheduler\fP=""
    The ipvs scheduler type when proxy mode is ipvs

.PP
\fB\-\-ipvs\-strict\-arp\fP=false
    Enable strict ARP by setting arp\_ignore to 1 and arp\_announce to 2

.PP
\fB\-\-ipvs\-sync\-period\fP=30s
    The maximum interval of how often ipvs rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=10
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=5
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization information (the master location is set by the master flag).

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-masquerade\-all\fP=false
    If using the pure iptables proxy, SNAT all traffic sent via Service cluster IPs (this not commonly needed)

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-metrics\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1:10249
    The IP address for the metrics server to serve on (set to \fB\fC0.0.0.0\fR for all IPv4 interfaces and \fB\fC::\fR for all IPv6 interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-metrics\-port\fP=10249
    The port to bind the metrics server. Use 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-nodeport\-addresses\fP=[]
    A string slice of values which specify the addresses to use for NodePorts. Values may be valid IP blocks (e.g. 1.2.3.0/24, 1.2.3.4/32). The default empty string slice ([]) means to use all local addresses.

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-999
    The oom\-score\-adj value for kube\-proxy process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=false
    If true enables profiling via web interface on /debug/pprof handler.

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-mode\fP=
    Which proxy mode to use: 'userspace' (older) or 'iptables' (faster) or 'ipvs'. If blank, use the best\-available proxy (currently iptables).  If the iptables proxy is selected, regardless of how, but the system's kernel or iptables versions are insufficient, this always falls back to the userspace proxy.

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-port\-range\fP=
    Range of host ports (beginPort\-endPort, single port or beginPort+offset, inclusive) that may be consumed in order to proxy service traffic. If (unspecified, 0, or 0\-0) then ports will be randomly chosen.

.PP
\fB\-\-udp\-timeout\fP=250ms
    How long an idle UDP connection will be kept open (e.g. '250ms', '2s').  Must be greater than 0. Only applicable for proxy\-mode=userspace

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\-to\fP=""
    If set, write the default configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
