.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config images pull \- Pull images used by kubeadm


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config images pull\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Pull images used by kubeadm


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP=""
    Path to the CRI socket to connect. If empty kubeadm will try to auto\-detect this value; use this option only if you have more than one CRI installed or if you have non\-standard CRI socket.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
    Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-config\-images(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
