.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha certs renew all \- Renew all available certificates


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha certs renew all\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Renew all known certificates necessary to run the control plane. Renewals are run unconditionally, regardless of expiration date. Renewals can also be run individually for more control.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save the certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-csr\-dir\fP=""
    The path to output the CSRs and private keys to

.PP
\fB\-\-csr\-only\fP=false
    Create CSRs instead of generating certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-api\fP=false
    Use the Kubernetes certificate API to renew certificates


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-certs\-renew(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
