.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase kubelet\-start \- Write kubelet settings and (re)start the kubelet


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase kubelet\-start\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Write a file with KubeletConfiguration and an environment file with node specific kubelet settings, and then (re)start kubelet.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP=""
    Path to the CRI socket to connect. If empty kubeadm will try to auto\-detect this value; use this option only if you have more than one CRI installed or if you have non\-standard CRI socket.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Specify the node name.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Writes a dynamic environment file with kubelet flags from a InitConfiguration file.
  kubeadm init phase kubelet\-start \-\-config config.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
