.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade apply \- Upgrade your Kubernetes cluster to the specified version


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade apply\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Upgrade your Kubernetes cluster to the specified version


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-experimental\-upgrades\fP=false
    Show unstable versions of Kubernetes as an upgrade alternative and allow upgrading to an alpha/beta/release candidate versions of Kubernetes.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-release\-candidate\-upgrades\fP=false
    Show release candidate versions of Kubernetes as an upgrade alternative and allow upgrading to a release candidate versions of Kubernetes.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-renewal\fP=true
    Perform the renewal of certificates used by component changed during upgrades.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP=""
    Path to the CRI socket to connect. If empty kubeadm will try to auto\-detect this value; use this option only if you have more than one CRI installed or if you have non\-standard CRI socket.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Do not change any state, just output what actions would be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-upgrade\fP=true
    Perform the upgrade of etcd.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
IPv6DualStack=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Force upgrading although some requirements might not be met. This also implies non\-interactive mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-timeout\fP=15m0s
    The maximum amount of time to wait for the control plane pods to be downloaded.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-print\-config\fP=false
    Specifies whether the configuration file that will be used in the upgrade should be printed or not.

.PP
\fB\-y\fP, \fB\-\-yes\fP=false
    Perform the upgrade and do not prompt for confirmation (non\-interactive mode).


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
    [EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
